Explain the difference between tiles and curses on release page (#37433)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: releases.md

---

# Latest Stable

> The most recent stable release is {{ site.github.latest_release.tag_name }} {{ site.github.latest_release.name }}. We recommend stable for the most bug-free experience possible. You can download it from the links below. Note: downloads with 'Curses' in the name include a version that can be played in console and has no graphics. Downloads with 'Tiles' in the name includes a version of the game that has graphics.

Author: ```suggestion
The most recent stable release is {{ site.github.latest_release.tag_name }} {{ site.github.latest_release.name }}. We recommend stable for the most bug-free experience possible. You can download it from the links below. Note: downloads with 'Curses' in the name include a version that can be played in console and has purely text-based display. Downloads with 'Tiles' in the name includes a version of the game that has sprite-based graphics.
```

> The most recent stable release is {{ site.github.latest_release.tag_name }} {{ site.github.latest_release.name }}.  We recommend stable for the most bug-free experience possible.  You can download it from the links below.  Note: downloads with 'Curses' in the name include a version that can be played in console and has no graphics. Downloads with 'Tiles' in the name includes a version of the game that has graphics.

Reviewer: No need to use double spaces in md (html).
```suggestion
The most recent stable release is {{ site.github.latest_release.tag_name }} {{ site.github.latest_release.name }}. We recommend stable for the most bug-free experience possible. You can download it from the links below. Note: downloads with 'Curses' in the name include a version that can be played in console and has no graphics. Downloads with 'Tiles' in the name includes a version of the game that has graphics.
```

Author: Thanks
